Update config guide - Closes #510 (#511)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/configuration.adoc

:url_github_config_devnet: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/development/sdk/src/samples/config_devnet.json
:url_github_constants_schema: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/development/framework/src/application/schema/constants_schema.js
:url_github_genesis_block: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/development/sdk/src/samples/genesis_block_devnet.json
:url_github_sdk: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/tree/v3.0.2

:url_reference_config: reference/config.adoc

[[intro]]

> The `Application` instance, which is exported by the Lisk SDK, is configured to run with the <<config_options, default config options>> that are defined in the Lisk Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Application` instance which is exported by the Lisk SDK, is configured to run with the <<config_options, default config options>> that are defined in the Lisk Framework.
```

To change the configuration, pass a config object as parameter when creating a new `Application` instance.

During development of a blockchain application it is recommended to import and use the `configDevnet` object from the Lisk SDK.
Together with `genesisBlockDevnet`, which defines the <<genesis_block, genesis block>>, it sets up a local development environment with 101 forging genesis delegates.

.index.js of the Hello World app
[source,js]
----
const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet} = require('lisk-sdk'); <1>
const HelloTransaction = require('./hello_transaction');

configDevnet.app.label = 'hello-world-app'; <2>
//configDevnet.components.storage.user = 'lisk';
//configDevnet.components.storage.password = 'password';

const app = new Application(genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet); <3>
app.registerTransaction(HelloTransaction);

app
    .run()
    .then(() => app.logger.info('App started...'))
    .catch(error => {
        console.error('Faced error in application', error);
        process.exit(0);
    });
----

<1> Imports the `configDevnet` object.

> <2> Optionally override certain options in `configDevnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optionally overrides certain options in `configDevnet`.
```

Author: Maybe:
```suggestion
<2> Optionally it is possible to override certain options in `configDevnet` before creating the application instance.
```

> <3> Create the application instance and pass the `genesisBlockDevnet` as genesis block and `configDevnet` as config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Creates the application instance and passes the `genesisBlockDevnet` as genesis block and `configDevnet` as config.
```

[[config_options]]
== Configuration options

> The default configuration options are located in the {url_github_sdk}[Lisk SDK repository] on GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration options are located in the {url_github_sdk}[Lisk SDK repository] in GitHub:
```

* `framework/src/modules/<module-name>/defaults/config.js` for each module.
* `framework/src/components/<component-name>/defaults/config.js` for each component.

TIP: Go to the xref:{url_reference_config}[configuration reference], to get a complete list of all available config options and their default values.

Each `config.js` file consists of 2 parts:

. JSON-schema specification for all available config options.
. Default values for the available config options for this specific module.

[CAUTION]
====
Please do not change the default values in these files directly as they will be overwritten when software updates are performed.
Instead of changing the default values, define the custom configuration options inside your blockchain application.
====

=== Constants

Inside `configDevnet.app.genesisConfig` specific constants for the blockchain application are set.

> These constants allow to quickly adjust basic properties of the blockchain, for example time that elapses until a new block is forged, the network epoch time, or the block rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These constants allow the basic properties of the blockchain to be easily adjusted. For example, the time that elapses until a new block is forged, the network epoch time, and the block rewards.
```

> In the alpha version of the Lisk SDK, not all available constants are configurable by the user, yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the alpha version of the Lisk SDK, at present not all of the available constants are configurable by the user yet.
```

> In future versions, more constants will become configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in future versions more constants will become configurable.
```

TIP: To see a full list of all constants and their predefined values, please see the file {url_github_constants_schema}.

[[genesis_block]]
== The genesis block

The genesis block describes the very first block in the blockchain.
It defines the initial state of the blockchain on start of the network.

The genesis block is not forged by a delegate, such as all of the other blocks which come after the genesis block.
Instead it is defined by the developer, when <<intro,creating the Application>> instance of the blockchain application.

=== The devnet genesis block

> The Lisk SDK exposes an object `genesisBlockDevnet` that holds all important information to spin up a local development network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lisk SDK exposes an object `genesisBlockDevnet` that holds all of the required important information to spin up a local development network.
```
